Mewtwo.
The 52 oz. "Fizzinator" from Sheetz.
A lifetime supply of Olive Garden breadsticks.
A chinese buffet where everything is wrapped in bacon.
The Baconator.
Mewtwo's reveal as a playable character in the next Super Smash Bros. title.
BLORF.
Plush animals that come to life long enough to drink all your rum.
Giovanni's head being suplexed through a floor.
Paying $1,475 for a bath sponge.
Petty people.
Colby 2012.
CryptoLocker.
Chance Time.
Looking up where someone lives because they posted something you didn't like on the internet.
Being stalked by a paranoid schizophrenic on Reddit.
Tourneyfags who turn off all items when playing Super Smash Bros.
Going on a diet for the sole reason of being able to fit in a fursuit.
Waiting over a year for someone to finish your art commission.
Paying $3,500 for an oversized novelty fursuiter badge.
2, the Ranting Gryphon.
Being facesat by someone who is holding in a fart.
Licking Cinnabon icing off of your partner's dick.
A used sock collection.
A small creature being stuffed in a smelly boot.
Anthrocon.
Furries on the Tyra Banks show.
Midna and Wolf Link.
Uncle Kage.
The furries.
Ray Sipe singing about how /v/ doesn't like video games.
Role reversal.
Lesbrarians.
A stripper so ugly people throw nickels at her.
A fat Russian Blue that pees on the carpet.
Horny, stupid livestock.
Bending a Lucario over and using its dreadlocks as fuckhandles.
Poking cats.
Using a save state in a video game so you can fap to it later.
Tickling someone until they almost piss themself.
Getting fucked by the Red Robin.
Having every embarrassing kink of yours indulged at one time for a "shamegasm."
A Bad Dragon dildo.
Being tied up and having a musky foot stuffed in your mouth.
Trees made out of living tentacles.
Being pinned to the wall and fucked in a shower.
Stayin' Alive.
The Sexflesh Venereal Vinnie Suction Cup Diseased Dildo.
That barrel in Carnival Night Zone at the supposed "dead end".
Whitney's Miltank.
Gambling on a fart and losing.
A woman with a double-wide stroller about to mow you down.
A cat trying to stick its nose up your asshole.
A Fleshlight® full of thumb tacks.
Vodka spiked with GHB.
Chopping up someone's parents and putting them into chili.
Getting banned from Dave & Buster's.
Finding out your internet stalker's doing 10-30 in federal prison.
Umbreon.
Masturbating at work.
Rick Astley.
Poor quality ParkerSteel.