Jaime Lannister, 'The Kingslayer'.
Cersei Lannister, the Queen.
Joffrey Baratheon, the Prince.
Tyrion Lannister, 'The Imp'.
Ned Stark, Lord of Winterfell, Warden of the North.
Robb Stark, heir apparent of Winterfell.
Jon Snow, the bastard.
Catelyn Stark, Lady of Winterfell.
Sansa Stark, betrothed to Prince Joffrey.
Arya Stark.
Bran Stark.
Hodor.
The Wall.
The Night's Watch.
Danerys Targaryen, Khaleesi of the Dothraki.
Theon Greyjoy, Ned Stark's youthful ward.
Peter 'Littlefinger' Baelish.
Lord Varys, the Spider.
King Robert Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord Protector of the Realm.
Khal Drogo, Dothraki horse lord.
The Iron Throne.
HODOR!!
Ros, the red-headed whore.
Winterfell.
Kings's Landing.
The North.
Beyond the Wall.
Westeros.
The Seven Kingdoms.
Direwolves.
White Walkers.
Dragons.
'Winter is Coming'.
The old gods and the new.
Incest, hot twin on twin action.
House Stark.
House Lannister.
House Targaryen.
George R. R. Martin.
Gratuitous nudity, the way only HBO&reg; can provide.
Throwing a boy out of a window to cover up incest.
Joining the Night's Watch.
Selling your sister to Dothraki nomads.
Making your husband love you through cunning use of reverse cowgirl.
Running a whorehouse, which is better than owning ships.
Conquering the continent with dragons.
Being forced to marry an abusive king.
Beheading a man for having no honor.
Explaining complicated plot with lots of naked women around.
Trusting Littlefinger.
Learning the prince is a bastard and the product of incest.
Slapping Joffrey. Repeatedly.
Cutting off your enemies' heads and mounting them on spikes.
Raising your husband's bastard son as your own.
Asking a teenage girl if she's 'bled yet'.
Making millions of fans cry by killing off beloved characters.
Hodoring.
Riding off to join your best friend's rebellion.
Breastfeeding your creepy son until he's 9 years old.
Having a giant wolf for a pet.
Beheaded on the steps of the Sept of Baelor.
Killed by a member of the Kingsguard.
Seized the Iron Throne by any means necessary.
Built a 700 foot high wall to keep out bad things.
Born a bastard.
Butchered by White Walkers and arranged in an artful pattern.
Appointed as Hand of the King.
Found enough wolf cubs for all the children.
Fondled by your brother on your wedding day.
Climbed the wrong wall at the wrong time.
Started a pointless vendetta with another House.
Increased ratings with the use of gratuitous nudity.
Carried by Hodor.
Pissed off of the Wall just because.
Swore an oath to the old gods and the new.
Brought home a new baby bastard for your wife to hate.
Negotiated a wedding no one will like.
Rode a dragon, like a boss.
Changed things from the book, infuriating fans.
Spent an entire reign chasing boars and fucking whores.